Question Answer Why.
Does your app collect or share any of the required user data types? •  Yes Data is collected and shared with Apptentive.
Is all of the user data collected by your app encrypted in transit? •  Yes Traffic is encrypted by default (HTTPS) when sent over the network.
Do you provide a way for users to request that their data is deleted? *  Per-app basis Apptentive can delete a user’s data at the request of the company that collected it.  Whether or not that feature is offered by the company, and is requested to us, is out of our control.  *Please answer according to your circumstance.
Play Category, App activity. Play Data type, Page views and taps in app. Play Description, Information about how a user interacts with your app. For example, the number of page views or the screen coordinates of taps.. Why, Primary functionality of Apptentive  Apptentive tracks data points through the  engage  event  These are most frequently done through page views.
Play Category, App activity. Play Data type, Other actions. Play Description, Any other user activity or actions in-app not listed here such as gameplay, likes, and dialog options.. Why, Every interaction the user does with Apptentive interactions has an  engage  event associated with it  This includes choosing to dismiss interactions.
Play Category, App activity. Play Data type, Other user-generated content. Play Description, Any other user-generated content not listed here, or in any other section. For example, user bios, notes, or open-ended responses.. Why, Surveys answers (particularly open-ended responses) are considered user-generated content.
Play Category, Messages. Play Data type, Other in-app messages. Play Description, Any other types of messages. For example, instant messages or chat content.. Why, Primary functionality of Message Center.
Play Category, Personal info. Play Data type, Name. Play Description, How a user refers to themselves, such as their first or last name, or nickname.. Why, User can provide their name for personalization when communicating with support.
Play Category, Personal info. Play Data type, Email address. Play Description, A user’s email address.. Why, User can provide their email to give additional info to support  Customer can require the email to be provided.
Play Category, Photos or videos. Play Data type, Photos. Play Description, A user’s photos.. Why, Can be sent as an attachment.
Play Category, App activity. Play Data type, Page views and taps in app. Is this data collected, shared, or both?, Check both  • Collected  • Shared. Is this data processed ephemerally?, • No. Is this data required for your app, or can users choose whether it’s collected?, •  Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection).
Play Category, App activity. Play Data type, Page views and taps in app. Why is this user data collected? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality  •  Analytics. Why is this user data shared? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality  •  Analytics  • Apptentive uses some of the Analytics data to support customers.
Play Category, App activity. Play Data type, Other actions. Is this data collected, shared, or both?, Check both  • Collected  • Shared. Is this data processed ephemerally?, • No. Is this data required for your app, or can users choose whether it’s collected?, •  Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection).
Play Category, App activity. Play Data type, Other actions. Why is this user data collected? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality  •  Analytics. Why is this user data shared? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality.
Play Category, App activity. Play Data type, Other user-generated content. Is this data collected, shared, or both?, Check both  • Collected  • Shared. Is this data processed ephemerally?, • No. Is this data required for your app, or can users choose whether it’s collected?, •  Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection).
Play Category, App activity. Play Data type, Other user-generated content. Why is this user data collected? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality  •  Analytics. Why is this user data shared? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality.
Play Category, Messages. Play Data type, Other in-app messages. Is this data collected, shared, or both?, Check both  • Collected  • Shared. Is this data processed ephemerally?, • No. Is this data required for your app, or can users choose whether it’s collected?, •  Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection).
Play Category, Personal info. Play Data type, Name. Is this data collected, shared, or both?, Check both  • Collected  • Shared. Is this data processed ephemerally?, • No. Is this data required for your app, or can users choose whether it’s collected?, •  Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection).
Play Category, Personal info. Play Data type, Email address. Is this data collected, shared, or both?, Check both  • Collected  • Shared. Is this data processed ephemerally?, • No. Is this data required for your app, or can users choose whether it’s collected?, •  Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection).
Play Category, Photos or videos. Play Data type, Photos. Is this data collected, shared, or both?, Check both  • Collected  • Shared. Is this data processed ephemerally?, • No. Is this data required for your app, or can users choose whether it’s collected?, •  Data collection is required (users can’t turn off this data collection).
Play Category, Messages. Play Data type, Other user-generated content. Why is this user data collected? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality  •  Analytics. Why is this user data shared? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality.
Play Category, Personal info. Play Data type, Name. Why is this user data collected? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality  •  Analytics. Why is this user data shared? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality.
Play Category, Personal info. Play Data type, Email address. Why is this user data collected? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality  •  Analytics. Why is this user data shared? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality.
Play Category, Photos or videos. Play Data type, Photos. Why is this user data collected? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality  •  Analytics. Why is this user data shared? Select all that apply., •  App Functionality.
