Datapoint, Google Advertising ID. Description, Google Play Store advertising identifier.
Datapoint, Amazon Fire Advertising ID. Description, Amazon advertising identifier.
Datapoint, Android ID. Description, Android identifier.
Datapoint, Huawei Advertising ID. Description, Huawei advertising identifier.
Datapoint, IDFA. Description, Apple’s identifier for advertisers. The IDFA is automatically redacted as of iOS 14.5 if ATT authorization has not been granted.
Datapoint, IDFV. Description, Apple’s identifier for vendors.
Datapoint, Apple Search Ads Results. Description, Apple Search Ads attribution results.
Datapoint, Install Receipt. Description, The install receipt, which is used for validation.
Datapoint, Facebook Attribution ID. Description, Facebook’s internal attribution identifier.
Datapoint, Kochava Device ID. Description, Kochava’s internal identifier, which is scoped to the current install, rather than the device.
Datapoint, User Agent. Description, The user agent of the device.
Datapoint, App Name. Description, The name of the app.
Datapoint, App Package/Bundle. Description, The Bundle ID or package name of the app.
Datapoint, App Version. Description, App version string(s).
Datapoint, Notifications Enabled. Description, Whether notifications are enabled for the app.
Datapoint, Installer Package. Description, The provider of the app installation (Android only).
Datapoint, Date of Install from Store. Description, The date the app was installed (Android only).
Datapoint, Architecture. Description, The device architecture.
Datapoint, Battery Level. Description, The current battery level.
Datapoint, Boot Time. Description, When the device was last booted.
Datapoint, Battery Status. Description, The status of the battery.
Datapoint, Cellular Carrier Name. Description, The cellular carrier name.
Datapoint, Cellular Type. Description, The cellular carrier type.
Datapoint, Device Type. Description, The device model.
Datapoint, Display Width. Description, The display width in pixels.
Datapoint, Display Height. Description, The display height in pixels.
Datapoint, Locale Setting. Description, The chosen locale setting.
Datapoint, Language Setting. Description, The chosen language setting.
Datapoint, Network Is Metered. Description, Whether the network is metered.
Datapoint, Network SSID. Description, The SSID.
Datapoint, Network BSSID. Description, The BSSID.
Datapoint, Orientation. Description, The device orientation.
Datapoint, OS Version. Description, The version of the device OS.
Datapoint, Platform. Description, The platform of the device.
Datapoint, Screen DPI. Description, The screen DPI.
Datapoint, Screen Inches. Description, The screen size.
Datapoint, Screen Brightness. Description, The current screen brightness.
Datapoint, Signal Bars. Description, The current cellular signal bars.
Datapoint, Timezone. Description, The chosen timezone setting.
