Data encryption For the collected end-user data listed on this page, HyBid Android SDK encrypts the data in transit using HTTPS.
Data sharing For the collected end-user data listed on this page, Verve Group does not transfer this data to third-parties except: To third-party subprocessors that assist us in providing Verve Group services. In accordance with your instructions (for example, if you choose to link Verve Group to other non-Verve Group services).
Data deletion Verve Group enables developers to delete end-user data in a manner consistent with the functionality of the Verve Group services.
Data Type Category, Identifiers. Data Type, Device ID. Collection Purposes, Advertising or marketing Fraud prevention, security and compliance. Relevance to HyBid Android SDK’s Data Collection Policies, HyBid Android SDK collects Ad ID (Identifier for Advertisers) when made available by the user per the device settings.
Data Type Category, Usage Data. Data Type, Advertising Data. Collection Purposes, Advertising or marketing Fraud prevention, security and compliance. Relevance to HyBid Android SDK’s Data Collection Policies, HyBid Android SDK collects information related to the ads served to users of the app via the Verve Group services (e.g. impressions, advertiser name, clicks, completions).
Data Type Category, Location. Data Type, Precise Location. Collection Purposes, Advertising or marketing. Relevance to HyBid Android SDK’s Data Collection Policies, It is optional for publishers to share “precise location” and allow HyBid Android SDK to collect it. This means that only if the publishers allows its app to collect location data from users after obtaining user’s explicit consent to such data collection, then such data is also collected via the HyBid Android SDK. HyBid Android SDK does not collect or attempt to collect such information independently.
Data Type Category, Location. Data Type, Coarse Location. Collection Purposes, Advertising or marketing. Relevance to HyBid Android SDK’s Data Collection Policies, It is optional for publishers to share “coarse location” and allow HyBid Android SDK to collect it. This means that only if the publishers allows its app to collect location data from users after obtaining user’s explicit consent to such data collection, then such data is also collected via the HyBid Android SDK. HyBid Android SDK does not collect or attempt to collect such information independently.
