Does your app collect or share any of the required user data types?  Select  Yes  .. nan.
Is all of the user data collected by your app encrypted in transit?  If the station DOES NOT use AdsWizz pre-roll, select  Yes  ..  If the station DOES use AdsWizz pre-roll, select  No  .. nan.
Which of the following methods of account creation does your app support?  Select "My app does not allow users to create an account.". nan.
Do you provide a way for users to request that their data is deleted?  Select  Yes  if the privacy policy you entered in the Privacy Policy survey section accounts for this need..  Otherwise, select  No  .. nan.
Is your app currently certified by an authorized lab, according to the Mobile Application Security Assessment (MASA) framework?  Select  No.. nan.
Location  Select:  Approximate Location.  Precise Location. nan.
Personal Info  Select:  Name.  Email.  Address.  Phone Number. nan.
Audio Files  Select:  Voice or sound recordings. nan.
App activity  Select:  App interactions.  Other actions. nan.
App info and performance  Select:  Crash logs.  Diagnostics. nan.
Device or Other IDs  Select:  Device or other IDs. nan.
Name, Email address, Address & Phone Number  Select the following:  Collected.  Yes, this collected data is processed ephemerally.  Users can choose whether this data is collected.  App Functionality.  Personalization.  NOTE: If contests are run in the app and used for further marketing purposes, you should also select: Advertising or marketing. nan.
Approximate Location  If NOT using Google Ads or Adswizz, select the following:  Collected.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.  Data collection is required.  Analytics.  If using Google Ads or Adswizz, select the following:  Collected.  Shared.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.  Data collection is required.  Why is this user data collected?:.  Analytics  Advertising or marketing  Fraud prevention, security & compliance  Why is this user data shared?.  Analytics  Advertising or marketing  Fraud prevention, security & compliance nan.
Precise Location  If NOT using Google Ads or Adswizz, select the following:  Collected.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.  Users can choose whether this data is collected.  Advertising or Marketing.  Personalization.  If using Google Ads or Adswizz, select the following:  Collected.  Shared.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.  Users can choose whether this data is collected.  Why is this user data collected?:.  Advertising or marketing  Personalization  Why is this user data shared?.  Advertising or marketing nan.
Voice or sound recordings  Select the following:  Collected.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.  Users can choose whether this data is collected.  App Functionality. nan.
Crash logs & Diagnostics  If NOT using Google Ads or Adswizz, select the following:  Collected.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.   Data collection is required.  Analytics.  If using Google Ads or Adswizz, select the following:  Collected.  Shared.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.  Data collection is required.  Why is this user data collected?:.  Advertising or marketing  Analytics  Fraud prevention, security & compliance  Why is this user data shared?.  Analytics  Advertising or marketing  Fraud prevention, security & compliance nan.
App interactions  If NOT using Google Ads or Adswizz, select the following:  Collected.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.  Data collection is required.  Analytics.  If using Google Ads or Adswizz, select the following:  Collected.  Shared.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.  Data collection is required.  Why is this user data collected?:.  Advertising or marketing  Analytics  Fraud prevention, security & compliance  Why is this user data shared?.  Analytics  Advertising or marketing  Fraud prevention, security & compliance nan.
Other interactions  Select the following:  Collected.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.  Users can choose whether this data is collected.  App Functionality.  Analytics.  Personalization. nan.
Device or other IDs  If NOT using Google Ads or Adswizz, select the following:  Collected.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.  Data collection is required.  App functionality.  Analytics.  Developer communications.  If using Google Ads or Adswizz, select the following:  Collected.  Shared.  No, this collected data is not processed ephemerally.  Data collection is required.  Why is this user data collected?:.  Advertising or marketing  App functionality  Analytics  Developer communications  Fraud prevention, security & compliance  Why is this user data shared?.  Analytics  Advertising or marketing  Fraud prevention, security & compliance nan.
