Event Type Retention Description.
Session 30 days A session represents a real user journey on your mobile application. It begins when the user launches the application, and the session remains live as long as the user stays active. During the user journey, all RUM events generated as part of the session will share the same session.id attribute. Note: The session resets after 15 minutes of inactivity. If the application is killed by the OS, you can reset the session while the application is in the background.
View 30 days A view represents a unique screen (or screen segment) on your mobile application. A view starts and stops when the onActivityResumed and onActivityPaused callbacks are called through the ActivityLifecycleCallbacks interface. Each occurrence is classified as a distinct view. While a user stays on a view, RUM event attributes (Errors, Resources, and Actions) get attached to the view with a unique view.id.
Resource 15 days A resource represents network requests to first-party hosts, APIs, and third-party providers in your mobile application. All requests generated during a user session are attached to the view with a unique resource.id.
Error 30 days An error represents an exception or crash emitted by the mobile application attached to the view it is generated in.
Action 30 days An action represents user activity in your mobile application (such as an application launch, tap, swipe, or back). Each action is attached with a unique action.id attached to the view it gets generated in.
Long Task 15 days A long task event is generated for any task in the application that blocks the main thread for more than the specified duration threshold.
Attribute name Type Description.
date integer Start of the event in milliseconds from epoch.
type string The type of the event (for example, view or resource).
service string The unified service name for this application used to correlate user sessions.
application.id string The Datadog application ID.
Attribute name Type Description.
device.type string The device type as reported by the device (System User-Agent).
device.brand string The device brand as reported by the device (System User-Agent).
device.model string The device model as reported by the device (System User-Agent).
device.name string The device name as reported by the device (System User-Agent).
connectivity.status string Status of device network reachability (connected, not connected, or maybe).
connectivity.interfaces string The list of available network interfaces (for example, bluetooth, cellular, ethernet, or wifi).
connectivity.cellular.technology string The type of a radio technology used for cellular connection.
connectivity.cellular.carrier_name string The name of the SIM carrier.
Attribute name Type Description.
os.name string The OS name as reported by the device (System User-Agent).
os.version string The OS version as reported by the device (System User-Agent).
os.version_major string The OS version major as reported by the device (System User-Agent).
Fullname Type Description.
geo.country string Name of the country.
geo.country_iso_code string ISO Code of the country (for example, US for the United States or FR for France).
geo.country_subdivision string Name of the first subdivision level of the country (for example, California in the United States or the Sarthe department in France).
geo.continent_code string ISO code of the continent (EU, AS, NA, AF, AN, SA, or OC).
geo.continent string Name of the continent (Europe, Australia, North America, Africa, Antarctica, South America, or Oceania).
geo.city string The name of the city (for example, San Francisco, Paris, or New York).
Attribute name Type Description.
user.id string Identifier of the user.
usr.name string Name of the user.
usr.email string Email of the user.
Metric Type Description.
session.time_spent number (ns) Time spent on a session.
session.view.count number Count of all views collected for this session.
session.error.count number Count of all errors collected for this session.
session.resource.count number Count of all resources collected for this session.
session.action.count number Count of all actions collected for this session.
session.long_task.count number Count of all long tasks collected for this session.
Attribute name Type Description.
session.id string Unique ID of the session.
session.type string Type of the session (user).
session.is_active boolean Indicates if the session is currently active. The session ends if a user navigates away from the application or closes the browser window, and expires after 4 hours of activity or 15 minutes of inactivity.
session.initial_view.url string URL of the initial view of the session.
session.initial_view.name string Name of the initial view of the session.
session.last_view.url string URL of the last view of the session.
session.last_view.name string Name of the last view of the session.
session.ip string IP address of the session extracted from the TCP connection of the intake. If you want to stop collecting this attribute, change the setting in your application details.
session.useragent string System user agent info to interpret device info.
Metric Type Description.
view.time_spent number (ns) Time spent on this view.
view.long_task.count number Count of all long tasks collected for this view.
view.error.count number Count of all errors collected for this view.
view.resource.count number Count of all resources collected for this view.
view.action.count number Count of all actions collected for this view.
view.is_active boolean Indicates whether the view corresponding to this event is considered active.
Attribute name Type Description.
view.id string Unique ID of the initial view corresponding to the event.
view.url string Canonical name of the class corresponding to the event.
view.name string Customizable name of the view corresponding to the event.
Metric Type Description.
duration number (ns) Entire time spent loading the resource.
resource.size number (bytes) Resource size.
resource.connect.duration number (ns) Time spent establishing a connection to the server (connectEnd - connectStart).
resource.ssl.duration number (ns) Time spent for the TLS handshake. If the last request is not over HTTPS, this metric does not appear (connectEnd - secureConnectionStart).
resource.dns.duration number (ns) Time spent resolving the DNS name of the last request (domainLookupEnd - domainLookupStart).
resource.redirect.duration number (ns) Time spent on subsequent HTTP requests (redirectEnd - redirectStart).
resource.first_byte.duration number (ns) Time spent waiting for the first byte of response to be received (responseStart - RequestStart).
resource.download.duration number (ns) Time spent downloading the response (responseEnd - responseStart).
Attribute Type Description.
resource.id string Unique identifier of the resource.
resource.type string The type of resource being collected (for example, xhr, image, font, css, or js).
resource.method string The HTTP method (for example, POST, GET, PATCH, or DELETE).
resource.status_code number The response status code.
resource.url string The resource URL.
resource.provider.name string The resource provider name. Default is unknown.
resource.provider.domain string The resource provider domain.
resource.provider.type string The resource provider type (for example, first-party, cdn, ad, or analytics).
Attribute Type Description.
error.source string Where the error originates from (for example, webview, logger, or network).
error.type string The error type (or error code in some cases).
error.message string A concise, human-readable one-line message explaining the event.
error.stack string The stack trace or complementary information about the error.
error.issue_id string The stack trace or complementary information about the error.
Attribute Type Description.
error.resource.status_code number The response status code.
error.resource.method string The HTTP method (for example, POST or GET).
error.resource.url string The resource URL.
error.resource.provider.name string The resource provider name. Default is unknown.
error.resource.provider.domain string The resource provider domain.
error.resource.provider.type string The resource provider type (for example, first-party, cdn, ad, or analytics).
Metric Type Description.
action.loading_time number (ns) The loading time of the action.
action.long_task.count number Count of all long tasks collected for this action.
action.resource.count number Count of all resources collected for this action.
action.error.count number Count of all errors collected for this action.
Attribute Type Description.
action.id string UUID of the user action.
action.type string Type of the user action (for example, tap or application_start).
action.name string Name of the user action.
action.target.name string Element that the user interacted with. Only for automatically collected actions.
