Skip to main content
Docs   Discourse
Try Snowplow   Book a demo
Introduction,  Feature comparison,  Getting started,  Setting up Snowplow BDP,  Setting up Snowplow Open Source,  Setting up Snowplow Micro locally,  Try Snowplow,  Concepts & How-tos,  Understanding your pipeline,  Recipes,  Tutorials,  Using Snowplow,  Designing tracking,  Collecting data Trackers - collecting data from your own applications Snowplow Tracker Protocol Tracker Maintenance Classification JavaScript Trackers (Web and Node.js) Mobile Native Trackers Installation and set-up Tracking events Custom tracking using schemas Tracking specific client-side properties Configuring how events are sent Set up the remote configuration Anonymous Tracking Hybrid Apps Android - Google Play Data Safety Migration guides Previous versions React Native Tracker Flutter Tracker WebView Tracker Roku Tracker Google AMP Tracker Pixel Tracker Golang Tracker .NET Tracker Java Tracker Python Tracker Scala Tracker Ruby Tracker Rust Tracker PHP Tracker C++ Tracker Unity Tracker Tracking CLI Lua Tracker Google Analytics Plugin Arduino Tracker ActionScript3 Tracker Webhooks - collecting data from third parties,  Enriching your data,  Storing and forwarding the data,  Data Modeling,  Managing data quality,  🆕 Discovering data,  Using Snowplow Console,  Reference,  Components & applications,  Community & contributing.
Collecting data,  Trackers - collecting data from your own applications,  Mobile Native Trackers,  Android - Google Play Data Safety.
On this page
Android - Google Play Data Safety
Google Play is launching a new Data safety section to help app developers showcase their app’s overall safety. The section, to be displayed on each app’s store listing page, will summarize the app’s privacy and security practices, as well as explain the data the app may collect and share from users (and why).
To comply with this new requirement, app developers will need to complete a  new Data safety form in Play Console  that asks them to disclose how any first-party and third-party code (such as third-party libraries or SDKs) in their apps collect and share such data.
Google Play team published several resources to help app developers navigate this new requirement: A Help Center article with policy guidance for app developers.  An Android Developers guide to help app developers review how their app collects, protects and shares data.  A Play Academy course that explains how various example apps should fill out the form.
In particular,  in this table  are the data that the developers need to disclose in the Data safety form.
Key dates to be aware of  ​
Starting October 18: App developers will start to see the Data safety section form in Play Console and are asked to start to complete and submit for review.  February 2022: Users will start to see the Data safety section on app Store listing for apps with completed and approved form submissions.  April 2022: New app submissions and app updates will be rejected in Play Console if there are unresolved issues with the app developer’s form,  After April 2022: Play may take further enforcement actions against non-compliant apps according to Play’s developer policy, including removal from the store.
Guidance for Snowplow Android Tracker users  ​
To assist developers in helping build user data and security transparency, the guidance below can be used to publish SDK guidance for developers incorporating our Snowplow Android Tracker into their apps.
The developer will be asked to provide information for various  data types  .
The Android Snowplow Tracker can be fully configured by the developer in order to track only the data that really matters. Much of the functionality of the tracker and the automatically tracked events are optional and they can be specifically configured at compile-time and at runtime. All the data tracked by the tracker is under the developers control and is only sent to a pipeline provided by the customer. Snowplow can’t access any of the data tracked by the tracker.
Below the details of the data trackable with the Snowplow Android Tracker: Note: [[[{DAT}The IP address of the device]]] [[[{CON}can be tracked by the collector. The Snowplow Android Tracker can’t disable the collector IP tracking from the client app]]].
Hybrid Apps
Migration guides
Key dates to be aware of,  Guidance for Snowplow Android Tracker users.
