Search Unity
Unity logo
Unity Documentation
All Docs
Unity Docs Home,  Unity Editor Manual,  Unity Gaming Services Docs,  Unity Gaming Services REST API Docs.
Blog,  Forums,  Answers.
Support & Services
Customer Service,  Knowledge Base,  Technical Support,  Consulting Services.
Asset Store,  Connect,  Dashboard,  Distribute,  Forum,  Learn.
Welcome to Unity Ads.
Creating a Unity project.
Unity developer integration guides.
Android developer integration guides.
iOS developer integration guides.
Cross-platform integration guides.
Privacy consent and data APIs COPPA compliance, CARU compliance, and contextual ads PIPL compliance GDPR compliance Consumer privacy act compliance Google Play Families compliance Implementing custom age gates Google Play data safety section for Unity Ads Apple privacy survey for Unity Ads.
Best practices.
Advertisement Legacy v4.4.1 SDK.
Privacy consent and data APIs
Google Play data safety section for Unity Ads
Google Play data safety section for Unity Ads  #
Starting April 2022, Android developers publishing on the Google Play store must define what data their apps collect, including the data collected by integrated third-party SDKs such as Unity Ads. For your convenience, Unity Ads provides information on its data collection practices in the following sections.
Important  : The following data disclosures are for the Unity Ads SDK only. You are also responsible for providing any additional disclosures for your app, including other Unity SDKs and/or third-party SDKs used in your app.
For more information on Google's data safety disclosure policies, including terminology definitions, refer to the  Google documentation  .
Data collection survey  #
Data types  #
* [[[{PRA}Unity Ads only collects data on the user’s purchase history when the  Acquire Optimization  setting is enabled in the dashboard]]].
** [[[{PRA}Optional based on developer settings, but not user settings. Unity may collect in-app purchase information when publishers enable certain features within the Ads SDK]]].
* [[[{PRA}Unity Ads only collects data on page views and taps during the ad experience in the ad itself, not during gameplay]]].
** [[[{PRA}Unity Ads collects app usage times to measure the retention of users in apps to serve more meaningful advertisements. Unity Ads only collects data on app usage times when  Acquire Optimization  is enabled in the dashboard]]].
Google Play data safety section for Unity Ads   Data collection survey   Data types
Was this page helpful?
Report a problem with this page.
Unity logo
Copyright ©
Unity Technologies
Legal,  Privacy Policy,  Terms Of Use,  Cookies,  Do Not Sell My Personal Information,  Cookies Settings.
"Unity", Unity logos, and other Unity trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere (  more info here  ). Other names or brands are trademarks of their respective owners.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Cookies Details‎,  Functional Cookies Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookies Details‎,  Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this. Cookies Details‎,  Performance Cookies Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Cookies Details‎,  Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Cookies Details‎.
Back Button
Advertising Cookies
Filter Button
Consent   Leg.Interest
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
Select All Hosts
Select All
REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID View Third Party Cookies Name cookie name.
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Confirm my choices
Allow all
