Products, Solutions, Company.
Products to help you grow
Grow with AppDiscovery, Monetize with MAX, Reach your audience with AppLovin Exchange, Maximize your opportunity with Array, Drive results with SparkLabs, Measure with Adjust.
Success Stories, Blog, Video Library, Solutions, Events, DevSource.
For Developers
Increase ARPDAU, Scale Ad Impressions, Acquire Valuable Users, Increase IAPs.
For Agencies & Brands
Expand Your Reach.
More about us
About Us, Press, Events, Partners, Jobs.
Featured posts
Sparklabs' Creative Trends Report 2023
CTV Advertising: Trends & Best Practices for 2023 and Beyond
Sign Up, Sign In.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy, 隐私政策, Datenschutzerklärung, プライバシーポリシー, 개인정보 보호 정책, Política de Privacidade, Politique de confidentialité, AppLovin Partners, AppLovin Policies for Publishers, AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners, AppLovin Device Pre-Load Services Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use, 使用条款协议, Nutzungsbedingungen, 利用規約, 이용 약관 계약, Contrato de Termos de Uso, Accord sur les Conditions d’Utilisation, DMCA Notice, SDK EULA, AppLovin Device Pre-Load Services Terms of Service.
Effective Date: December 1, 2022
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) is a mobile app growth company that provides application publishers with the tools to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of their apps.  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers on publishers’ mobile applications.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our advertising platform (our “Advertising Services”), and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Our Advertising Services, Our Website, Additional Provisions for EU/UK Individuals, Privacy Notice for California Residents, Policy Changes, Contact Us.
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served on behalf of application publishers, we may collect certain device information, including the following: Device make, model, and operating system;, Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;, Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, theme; , Carrier;, Operating system;, Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;, Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);, City- and/or country-level or other coarse geolocation data;, Network connection type and speed;, IP Address;, Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;, HTTP header information;, Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);, Vendor IDs (IDFV); and, Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
This device information may be collected across mobile apps over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services. This type of information may include transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Application publishers may choose to share with us (through our SDK) additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number and interest segments. Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party on behalf of such advertiser) may share your advertiser ID and IP address.
Using the information we collect, we are able to deliver the Services, improve them, and research and develop new ones.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts.
Service Providers. We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them. Affiliates. We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Advertising Partners. We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, showing advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data here, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the “Manage Your Privacy Choices” section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the “Additional Provisions for EU Individuals” section below for more options. If you are a resident of California, you may also review the “Privacy Notice for California Residents” section below for more options.Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies. Regulatory or Legal Requirements. We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order. Safety and Terms Enforcement. We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties. Business Transfers. We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices: To limit collection of information from mobile devices, including location data, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track”, “Location Based Services,” or other similar feature on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see How AppLovin Shows You Ads. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (https://optout.networkadvertising.org/) or DAA (https://optout.aboutads.info/).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores: By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application may be exclusively designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children, please contact us via email at dataprotection@applovin.com.
We may collect certain types of information (e.g., IDFV, publisher age-related flags) from general audience apps for activities that fit within the “support for internal operations” exception from the notice and consent requirements in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Information Collection
We may collect various types of information through the Website. For example, when you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website.
We may also collect certain types of technical and usage information automatically, including through cookies and other similar tracking technologies. These tracking technologies allow AppLovin to personalize or optimize your experience on the Website. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
Information Use
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including: To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;, To operate and improve the Website and our Services;, To customize the Website;, For analytics and research;, For marketing purposes; and, For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information collected through the Website for purposes including: With your consent;, For advertising and marketing purposes;, In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;, To protect our rights and the rights of others;, With our affiliates;, With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;, As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and, For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the “Contact Us” section below.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit here. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit here and follow the instructions.
Your Advertising/Marketing Choices
From time to time, third parties will collect information from you via the Website and other non-affiliated websites and mobile applications over time in order to deliver relevant advertising to your browser or device, as well as other browsers or devices associated with you. This type of advertising is called “interest-based advertising.”
You may limit the collection of information from mobile apps on your device for interest-based advertising by adjusting the settings on your mobile device (such as by turning off the feature to “Allow Apps to Request to Track”).
Please note that if you exercise that choice, you may still receive ads, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. Additionally, data may still be collected from your browser or device for purposes other than interest-based advertising. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us.
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at dataprotection@applovin.com.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Privacy Shield Framework
In light of the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union in Case C-311/18 and the similar announcement from the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, we do not rely on the EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as a legal basis for transfers of personal data under the General Data Protection Regulation. However, we continue to adhere to these principles and, where appropriate, we rely on EU Standard Contractual Clauses and other safeguards to enable such transfers.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, AppLovin has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. AppLovin is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List, available at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
AppLovin is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. AppLovin complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, AppLovin commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact AppLovin at the address/email below. AppLovin has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to an alternative dispute resolution provider.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertising to, children under the age of 16 through the Advertising Services and the Website. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application may be exclusively designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children, please contact us via email at dataprotection@applovin.com.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU or UK, you are able: To request access to the personal data we hold about you;, To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;, To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;, Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and, Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the “Contact Us” section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed Prighter Group as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses: For residents of the EU: PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
For residents of the UK: PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link: https://prighter.com/q/19826057144.
[END OF EU SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Additional provisions for California residents are included in our California Notice for California Residents, which explains how California residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at: Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at dataprotection@applovin.com.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit AppLovin Support.
Products AppDiscoveryThe growth engine for your apps MAXA better way to monetize your app AppLovin ExchangeReach your audience ArrayMaximize your opportunity SparkLabsCreatives to drive results AdjustMeasure your marketing, Solutions Increase ARPDAU Scale Ad Impressions Acquire Valuable Users Increase IAPs Expand Your Reach.
Success Stories, Blog, Video Library, Events, DevSource.
About Us, Press, Jobs, Investors, Contact Us.
Sign in.
ENG, 中文, 日本語, 한국어.
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
checkbox label
Consent Leg.Interest
Switch Label
Switch Label
Switch Label
View CookiesNamecookie name.
Reject All
Confirm My Choices
