Platform Monetize SPX Monetization Solution Integration Center Mediation Options Programmatic Deals Header Bidding Solutions Advertise SDX Marketer Solution Extend Your Reach Customer Data Platform (CDP) Consent Management Platform (CMP) Smaato Intelligence (SI) Prepackaged Deals Omnichannel Advertising Native Ads OTT/CTV Ads Video Ads Display Ads,  Market Quality Overview Ad Quality Traffic Quality,  Insights Case Studies Guides and Reports Videos & Webinars Whitepapers View All,  Company About Events Careers Our Values Management Team In the News Marketplace Overview,  Blog.
Docs,  Contact,  Log In Publishers: SPX Marketers: SDX,  Get Started.
Home | Data Safety Guidance
Data Safety Guidance
This page can help you complete the requirements for this data disclosure in regards to your usage of the Smaato NextGen SDK.
Prepare for Google Play’s Data Disclosure Requirements
In May 2021, Google Play announced the new Data safety section, which is a developer-provided disclosure for an app’s data collection, sharing, and security practices. This page can help you complete the requirements for this data disclosure in regards to your usage of Smaato’s NextGen SDK for Android. On this page, you can find information on whether and how our SDKs handle end-user data. We aim to be as transparent as possible in supporting you; however, as the app developer, you are solely responsible for deciding how to respond to Google Play’s Data safety section form regarding your app’s end-user data collection, sharing, and security practices.
How to Use the Information on This Page
This page lists the end-user data collected by only the latest version of Smaato’s NexGen SDK for Android. We provide information about data collected automatically versus data collected depending on your usage. Automatic collection means that the SDK collects specific data without you invoking any specific method or class in your app. However, in many cases, the data collected by the SDK depends on your app’s specific usage of the product, meaning your app’s configuration and how you invoke the SDK. To complete your data disclosure, you can use Android’s  guide about data types to help you determine which data type best describes the collected data. In your data disclosure, make sure to also account for how your specific app shares and uses the collected data. Important: To help you ensure that your app’s disclosures are accurate, we recommend the following: Always use the latest SDK versions in your app. This page lists the data collected by only the latest version of Smaato’s NextGen SDK forAndroid. Review this page whenever you update your app’s SDK versions. Check that your data disclosures are accurate and up-to-date.
Overview of Data Encryption, Data Sharing, and Data Deletion for Smaato’s NextGen SDK forAndroid
Data Collected and Shared Automatically
Data Collected and Shared Depending on Your Usage
Data Handling
[[[{DAT}Android Ad ID]]] [[[{PRA}is collected]]] [[[{CON}by default]]]. [[[{DES}The Ad ID can be reset by users using Ad ID control]]]. [[[{CON}As the app developer, you can prevent the collection of Ad IDs by updating the app’s manifest file]]]. [[[{CON}Certain other features in the Smaato NextGen SDK forAndroid, such as the limit Ad tracking feature, may also disable transmission of the Ad ID and other data]]]. Upload to Google Play Console To simplify the process of gathering the information in a standardized manner, we have put together a .csv file based on the official Google template, containing all of Smaato’s data handling practices for our NextGen SDK for Android. You can utilize this .csv file to merge it with your app’s and other vendors’ data handling practices and convert it into a master file, which can be uploaded directly to the Data Safety section of your app in the Google Play Console.
DOWNLOAD CSV FILE
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes. Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA. For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see ourCookie Policy
Accept only
mandatory Cookies
All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Marketing Cookies
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Mandatory Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
checkbox label
Consent Leg.Interest
checkbox label
checkbox label
checkbox label
Reject All
Confirm My Choices
