Want a more comfortable reading experience?  Try dark mode!
Not Now
API Reference
Log In
Sign Up
Get Started
Banking Plus
Developer Tools
Razorpay Payments
Sign Up
Payment Methods
Payment Gateway
About Payment Gateway
Get Started
How Payment Gateway Works
Web Integrations
Hosted Checkout
Android Integration
Integrate With Android Standard SDK
1. Build Integration
2. Test Integration
3. Go-live Checklist
Additional Support for Payment Methods
Customisation Options
Override Minimum SDK Version
Troubleshooting & FAQs
Google Play Console - Data Safety
iOS Integration
React Native
Cordova & Ionic
Flutter Plugin
Capacitor Integration
Quick Integration
Server Integration
Ecommerce Plugins
Magic Checkout
Payment Links
Payment Button
Payment Pages
QR Codes
Smart Collect
Third Party Validation
Payments Mobile App
ePOS App (Deprecated)
Thirdwatch (Deprecated)
Payment Gateway
Android Integration
Google Data Safety
Google Play Console - Data Safety
Guidelines for filling out Razorpay SDK-related data points in Google Play Data Safety form.
The Data Safety section on the Google Play store is a simple way for merchants to help people understand what user data their app collects or shares and showcase their app's key privacy and security practices. This information helps users make more informed choices when installing apps.
By July 20, 2022  , all developers must declare how they collect and handle user data for the apps they publish on Google Play and provide details about how they protect this data through security practices like encryption. This includes data collected and handled through any third-party libraries or SDKs used in their apps.
Who is responsible for providing this data?
Merchant is responsible for making complete and accurate declarations in their app's store listing on Google Play. Google Play reviews apps across all policy requirements; however, Google cannot determine how we use and handle the data on behalf of the developers. Only merchants possess all the information required to complete the Data Safety form.
Video Tutorial
Watch this video to know how to fill out the Data Safety form.
Data Safety
After you log in to
Google Play Console
, navigate to  App Content  →  Data Safety  and provide the relevant answers. These questions are categorised into three sub-sections as follows: Data Collection and Security
Data Types
Data Usage and Handling
Data Collection and Security
This section contains questions about data collection, security and handling practices.
Data Types
The following table will help you with privacy declaration for data types concerning
Data Usage and Handling
Purpose of collecting information
Data collected by our SDK will be used only for the purpose of enabling the user to use the services provided by us, to help promote a safe service, calibrate consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online offers and updates, troubleshoot problems, customise the user experience, detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity, collect money, enforce our terms and conditions, and as otherwise described to you or the user at the time of collection of such information.
Purpose of sharing information
We do not share user's Personal Information with any third party apart from financial institutions such as banks, RBI, or other regulatory agencies (as may be required) and to provide users with services that we offer through
, conduct quality assurance testing, facilitate the creation of accounts, provide technical and customer support, or provide specific services, such as synchronisation of your contacts with other software applications, following your instructions. These third parties are not required to use the user's Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by the user.
We may share users' Personal Information with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, the "AFFILIATES") that we may have now or in the future, in which case we will require them to honour our Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess your Personal Information, and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in the Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our terms and conditions and Privacy Policy; (c) comply with legal processes, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our Users, Affiliates, or the public. Please note that we are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena, or other similar governmental requests we receive.
We may disclose information in the aggregate to third parties relating to user behavior in connection with the actual or prospective business relationship with those third parties, such as advertisers and content distributors. For example, we may disclose the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, advertising banners.
Privacy Link
For more information about privacy links, refer to
Razorpay Privacy Policy
Related Information
Google Play - Data Safety.
Is this integration guide useful?
ON THIS PAGE
Who is responsible for providing this data?  Video Tutorial,  Data Safety,  Data Collection and Security,  Data Types,  Data Usage and Handling,  Privacy Link,  Related Information.
Back To Top
