English        Sign in
Policies & programs
Zendesk help
Policies and programs
Zendesk policies and agreements
Zendesk SDKs and App Privacy Details
Mick O'Donnell
Edited March 7, 2022.
Zendesk Product Manager
Not yet followed by anyone
From December 8, 2020, Apple is requiring information about apps' privacy practices, including the practices of third-party partners who can be integrated into apps like Zendesk. You can read more about Apple's official guidelines here.
Below, Zendesk lists the details of the data each SDK collects, with a brief explanation of the purpose of that data collection. If you use a Zendesk SDK, you may choose to include some or all of this information when submitting a new app, or an app update, to Apple's App Store.
Important: the list below shows only what Zendesk SDKs collect as an out-of-the-box solution. Nonetheless, our SDKs have features like custom fields, forms, location sharing etc., that can be configured by customers to collect additional  data. If you configure a SDK to collect additional data, you might need to review and update the items below to reflect the additional data objects. Zendesk, with the exception of visitor screen data that must be provided by you via an API, does not use any SDK data for tracking purposes, but you might use data captured with Zendesk SDKs for tracking purposes of your own, which may require the answers below be updated accordingly. The content of this article is for your general information and use only. The data collected by SDKs is subject to change and we may update this article from time to time with new information. To the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law of your region,  we expressly exclude liability for inaccuracies or errors in this article.  If you identify a discrepancy, please report it to us.
Zendesk SDK for messaging
Zendesk Answer Bot SDK
Zendesk Support SDK (including Guide)
Zendesk Chat SDK
Zendesk Talk SDK
Zendesk Sunshine Conversations SDK
Return to top
0 Comments
Please sign in to leave a comment.
Powered by Zendesk
